meta: Update Changelog for 8.53.0 (#15243)
getsentry/sentry-javascript: CHANGELOG.md

- "You miss 100 percent of the chances you don't take. — Wayne Gretzky" — Michael Scott

## 8.53.0

- feat(v8/nuxt): Add `url` to `SourcemapsUploadOptions` (#15202)

> - fix(v8/react): From location can be undefined in Tanstack Router Instrumentation (#15237)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- fix(v8/react): `fromLocation` can be undefined in Tanstack Router Instrumentation (#15237)
```
